# Code of conduct 
## How do we plan to collaborate?
By focusing group work around in-person meetings we enable the opportunity for live collaboration. Members can freely pair-up for programming tasks, and since all (or most) members will be present, any questions or issues can be immediately resolved together and we enable “water cooler chat” which helps with problem solving. Additionally, we will have set clear timelines and deadlines for transparency and to ensure that all team members are aware of these dates. Moreover, by being flexible and open to changes in the project plan, we can adapt to new challenges that may arise.

*After talking with the LLM we have decided to add the following:*

- We will establish clear timelines and deadlines for the important deadlines, milestones and tasks in the project to ensure that all team members are aware of these dates.
- We will be flexible and remain open to adapting our approach as needed in the case that new challenges arise to ensure that the team is prepared for the unexpected


## How do we ensure that everyone in our group stays informed about the individual contributions?
Every member is included in the communication channels where we will regularly post our advancements so that every member can be informed.

The team will also encourage documentation in the project to maintain clear and up-to-date documentation of project progress and individual contributions. This can help ensure that everyone stays informed and can easily access relevant information.

Furthermore, by following predetermined guidelines for the project structure and workflow (using issue tracking, merge requests, etc), we can ensure that all members are aware of the project's progress and individual contributions. This will also help to ensure that all members are aware of the project's progress and individual contributions.

*After talking with the LLM we have decided to add the following:*

- Encourage documentation: Maintaining clear and up-to-date documentation of project progress and individual contributions can help ensure that everyone stays informed and can easily access relevant information. We should onsider adding a bullet point like "We will maintain clear and accessible documentation of project progress, including regular updates to shared documents, wikis, or other collaborative tools."

## How do we ensure knowledge transfer among our team members?
The goal is to keep a continuous dialogue at all times, both by conducting official meetings and small talk in person or online. By keeping communication at a high level we can therefore share knowledge among the team on a regular basis. Which subsequently will assert that all members are kept up to date with relevant information, such as but not limited to: any material related to the problem area or the course learning objectives (videos, blog posts, books, etc.).

Furthermore, we will maintain a shared knowledge base on the projects GitLab repository containing everything related to our workflow, project structure and group documentation. Giving insights to all aspects of the project and making it straightforward for all members to keep up to date with the project. The team will incentivize the use of the knowledge base by making it a requirement to document all relevant information and decisions made during the project.

*After talking with the LLM we have decided to add the following:*

- Relevant information is defined as any material related to the problem area or the course learning objectives (videos, blog posts, books, etc.)
- Mention that our shared knowledge base will be on a GitLab repository containing everything related to our workflow, project structure and group documentation.

## What is our usual communication plan?
We will use a discord server to communicate in an organized way. There will also be a shared google calendar to streamline meeting planning. There will be a focus on regular in-person group meetings. In the case of an unexpected event, team members will communicate and adapt based on the situation.

Furthermore we will encourage flexibility in our communication plan to allow for unexpected events, such as last-minute meeting changes or sudden team member availability issues. We will provide clear guidelines for how these situations will be handled and communicate any changes promptly to the team.

*After talking with the LLM we have decided to add the following:*

- Flexibility: Ensure that your communication plan allows for flexibility in case of unexpected events, such as last-minute meeting changes or sudden team member availability issues. Provide clear guidelines for how these situations will be handled and communicate any changes promptly to the team.

## How will we solve conflicts?
We will be open and honest with our thoughts surrounding the project. If any disagreements were to occur, we will get all members involved to avoid the escalation of the problem, and have a discussion trying to resolve the matter. If the severity of a certain conflict is too large to handle within the project group, we will seek a consultation with the TA and/or the teacher.

In addition we will encourage active listening and empathy between team members in order to better understand each other’s perspectives. We will also encourage continuous productive feedback on tasks that are being done by other members to help prevent misunderstandings or disagreements.

*After talking with the LLM we have decided to add the following:*

- Encourage active listening and empathy between team members in order to better understand each other’s perspectives.
- Encourage continuous productive feedback on tasks that are being done by other members to help prevent misunderstandings or disagreements.

## How do you plan to ensure responsible use of LLMs in your project and how do you transparently and traceability document the use of LLMs? 
We will use LLMs to assist us in understanding course material, providing examples or assisting in debugging code. The idea is to see LLM as a tool and not a solution. Every member is aware of the use of LLMs and will document the usage of it.

*After talking with the LLM we have decided that no suggestion was valuable.*
